Mr. Chen, Mr. Chang
You've been lied to. Get up.
I have cooperated with the Qin family a lot in recent years
Until some of that news
Miss Qin was involved in a car accident
It has now become a vegetable
Didn't wake up at all?
message
I have no news from outside the Eastern Expedition Army
This news is not a secret
It's just that you didn't pay attention, did you?
Plus no one dares to let you go
So this message was not left?
I have to find someone to confirm
The descendants of the four wealthy families have all become vegetative
And you've been lying down for 3 years haha
How dare you pretend to be the dead lady of a dead rich family
I don't know
It's normal that you can't be found through your channels.
Pretentious, who wouldn't?
Our manufacturer is engaged in the medical industry.
I have seen Zhou En wake up
I just haven't seen it return to normal.
Most are loyal to mortals
Tear up the face
Also looking for someone to pretend to be the four ladies of the four wealthy families
You pretend to be ruthless
The girl of the Qin family who appeared at that glance was the palace house
please
While defeating the four wealthy families
Love and Reason
I should be
Wait a minute and see what you can do.
Not bad, it's about the reprint, it has to be on the list
Suffer Hu Xinxin
If I am in a position of power and have unlimited wealth
You are still in such a hurry to make me strong